[NEKU grunts]
[gasps]
[NEKU]
Where... am I?
Pins? Why do I have these?
[gasps]
[PEDESTRIAN E]
No! It's gonna turn red!
[NEKU gasps]
[NEKU]
What was that?
[PEDESTRIAN A] Scramble
Crossing's always crowded.
[PEDESTRIAN B]
Where's Hachiko again?
[PEDESTRIAN D]
I wanna stop by 104.
[STUDENT A]
I love Eiji Oji!
[STUDENT B]
777's way hotter.
My head. What happened to me?
[NEKU]
Wait a sec. Can they not see me?
[gasps]
[NEKU]
Whoa!
[gasps]
But why? What's going on?
Smile!
[BOTH chuckle]
Looks good.
[WOMAN B]
Can you text it to me?
[NEKU] Everywhere I look
there are these weird walls.
So I'm stuck here.
Trapped like a freakin' rat.
How am I supposed to get out?
‐‐[buzzing]
‐‐[gasps]
[NEKU]
"Reach 104"?
Okay?
[grunts]
[NEKU]
Numbers?
[PLAYER A yelling]
He's just gone!
Like, straight up disappeared!
His hand!
You're one, too?
[screams]
[SHIKI]
Get up and run!
Hey! What's the deal
with this place?
A deal.
Huh?
Please, make a pact with me!
A pact? The hell does that mean?
If we don't hurry
up 'n' make one,
the Noise won't hesitate
to erase us!
So, please! You're gonna
have to trust me!
Fine. Whatever.
I'll do it.
What the‐‐? We're glowing.
We've officially entered
into a Partner Pact.
Now, we can defend
ourselves! See?
What gives? How'd you
pull those moves?
The exact same way that you can!
Go crazy! Don't hold back!
"Crazy" is right.
[NEKU]
Not me.
I won't disappear!
Way to show those
Noise who's boss!
[SHIKI grunts]
Close call! Glad I made it!
[yells]
The walls, they're
breaking down.
[SHIKI]
Nice job!
You've got a knack for
using psychs, don't you?
What are "psychs"?
They're powers you
get from pins,
like that fire you used.
That was the first of
many fights we'll have
with the Noise.
I lucked out in joining up
with a psych whiz!
It's nice to meet you.
My name's Shiki Misaki.
Your palm.
[SHIKI] It's a countdown
to our mission's deadline.
Same as the one you have.
Although it should fade once
we've done what's asked of us.
So, uh, you got a name?
Neku. Um...
Neku? That's it?
Right.
Well, those awesome
psychs are useless
if you don't have a partner.
So, let's team up!
Look there. Our goal's
not much further.
We'll clear the mission
if we reach 104.
And why do we have to
obey some random text?
You saw, I know that you did,
how Noise vaporized those guys?
We have no choice.
Because we're Players
in the Reapers' Game.
We either survive for
seven days or get erased.
[YASHIRO] Neku Sakuraba
and Shiki Misaki.
Their Partner Pact's
been confirmed.
And right in the nick of time.
What a pain.
You're such a lazy bum!
This is why they
never promote you!
Yeah, well, can't all
be go‐getters like you
who hunt down Players
on the very first day.
I guess that's true.
I plan on getting ahead,
unlike someone.
Though I did expect a little
bit more of a challenge.
At least that one boy
seems promising.
[NEKU]
Huh?
Am I being watched?
Feels like it.
[SHIKI]
We made it to our destination!
I kinda thought something else
would happen on the way.
How close do we have to
get for it to count?
[NEKU]
This close, apparently.
Oh! Thank goodness!
[YASHIRO laughing]
Who's there?
[YASHIRO]
I didn't take you for much,
but you're actually
pretty sharp.
Those black wings...
Oh, man. You're both Reapers.
That's right.
Were you also aware the
more Players we erase,
the higher we rise
in the ranks, or no?
Wait! What does that mean?
It means you're done for, kid,
but at least try to
put on a good show.
[gasps]
[NEKU]
What's going on?
Oh, crap.
Is it happening?
Am I being erased?
No, I...
[gasps]
[NEKU]
Not again.
Good. You're awake.
[NEKU]
Whoa!
Hah. I spooked you
then you spooked me.
This place...
Oh. It's Scramble Crossing.
The same as yesterday.
Guess that makes it the second
day of the Reapers' Game.
[SHIKI]
I wonder how far those walls go.
[NEKU]
Hey, you.
Shiki.
[NEKU sighs]
[NEKU] What do you
know about this world?
Think it's time I got filled in.
[SHIKI]
Kinda surprised you have to ask.
Didn't they explain
when you joined?
Nope. I know I woke up
in traffic, but that's it.
Wow.
[SHIKI] You can think of
this place as Shibuya,
but also not Shibuya.
It's basically a parallel world.
We refer to it as the
Underground, or UG.
Looks like the same city,
but it actually exists on a
completely different plane.
The plane those people are
in is called the Realground.
Though we can see
'n' hear everyone,
you and I might as
well be invisible.
And speaking of,
try touching somebody.
[PEDESTRIAN C]
I can't wait for 777's concert.
[gasps]
[SHIKI]
Freaky, right?
What you just did
is called "scanning."
Weird.
[SHIKI]
Mh‐hm.
We can't talk face to face
with people in the RG,
but we have the power
to read their minds.
One‐way street communication.
The bottom line is, we don't
have to talk to anyone.
I don't feel like
dealing with people,
so that's just fine by me.
Way less stress.
[BEAT]
Yo!
[BEAT growls]
'Preciate it if you kept
your hands to yourself,
ya damn Reaper!
Take it easy, Beat!
What? Hold on.
Who is this guy?
[BEAT] Oh, you can stop
playin' dumb any time!
I could tell you're one
of 'em from a mile away!
A Reaper?
Straight up!
Tried scannin' your
spikey, orange head,
and I couldn't read
crap from you!
Wait! You're wrong!
[RHYME] Things aren't
always what they seem!
Mind your own business, Rhyme!
Take your own advice.
These two are just Players
minding their business!
What?
Look, here's exhibit A!
Your scan was blank
'cause Players can't read
each other's minds.
Remember when you
tried scanning me
and you couldn't get it to work?
It's the same thing for them!
[BEAT]
Hmm. Oh.
[RHYME sighs]
Call me Beat, you guys.
And this? This lil' voice
of reason is Rhyme.
Charmed, I'm sure.
My B.
This pink‐haired
chick set us up,
so I was out for some payback.
[SHIKI]
She messed with us, too!
No joke? Small world.
But thanks to Neku,
we cleared the mission,
so it all worked out.
Huh. Must be tougher
than you look.
The headset, like, is it
permanently attached?
Don't read into it.
He's kinda confused,
so let's just leave him be.
[phone buzzing]
Oh, our mission.
[BEAT] "Set the cursed sculpture
free. Fail, and face erasure."
All right.
Well, that was fast!
Hey, wait!
Yo!
Neku! Hang on!
Come back!
Trashin' Noise ain't a
one person job, y'know!
We really should try
and fight them together!
[NEKU]
Shut up!
You jerks are nothing but
strangers! Who needs you?
[YASHIRO giggles]
Higher caliber Noise would
make this more interesting.
There's no need.
And why is that?
That hothead is bound to
self‐destruct on his own.
He's a giant Noise magnet
with all that negativity.
And humans who get
possessed by Noise
are as dangerous as
they are unpredictable.
[NEKU] Damn! That sound
grates my ears!
Why? Why am I suddenly...
angry at everything?!
That's sick, yo. Huh?
We cleared it already?
[SHIKI]
Neku! You okay?
[YASHIRO]
Yawn. Boring!
What's this?
Back for round two?
You the one responsible for
sending us these missions?
What would you do if
I am, Neku Sakuraba?
Did you say Sakuraba?
Is that... Is that
really my last name?
It is indeed. And I have
a new mission for you.
Mister Sakuraba, if you kill
Shiki Misaki here and now,
I will personally release
you from the Game.
What? What the hell
d'you just say?
Yo! You're not takin' this hag
seriously right now, are you?
However, if you fail this
task, you face erasure.
Don't listen to her!
Please, Neku!
But I... I have to.
[SHIKI]
Neku.
Please. Don't kill me.
You... don't want this.
Yeah, I do.
There. That's it.
Yes, give into your
heart's deepest desires,
and it'll set you free.
[HANEKOMA]
That's enough of that.
Down, boy.
Are you all right?
I'm fine. Thanks.
Just now, what'd I...?
[BEAT]
Hey! How dumb can you be?
Try 'n' keep a lid
on the bad mojo.
It takes complete control
when Noise possesses you.
[YASHIRO]
Do me a favor and butt in
after the best part's
over next time.
C'mon, lady, you gotta
play by the rules.
What? You some kind of referee?
For real. Who are you?
[HANEKOMA] The rules state
it's one mission per day,
and only the Game Master has
the authority to send 'em out.
Said Game Master's
also the sole person
who can directly attack Players,
and that's on day seven.
Well, aren't you well‐informed?
And in case you're wondering
if the GM's stronger
than Noise, they are.
Teamwork really makes
the dream work
when it comes to
the Reapers' Game.
It's possible to survive, but
you gotta trust your partner
in order to make that happen.
Trust my partner?
And I'll survive?
[gasps]
[NEKU]
Guess another day went by.
That girl!
She's not here. Of course not.
I mean... after what I did?
[BOTH yelp]
Oh. Whoopsie!
We should come up with
a new greeting, stat.
I panicked when I came to
and you weren't nearby,
but luckily, you're fairly
easy to spot in a crowd.
I'm so sorry. What I
did to you was awful.
Ah! No! It's cool! Honest!
Anybody could tell that
you weren't yourself!
It was just a crummy mishap!
And, know what?
We should talk more!
You agreed to be my partner
in the heat of the moment,
but you don't know me‐‐
I'm still a stranger to you.
Not exactly fair for me
to ask for your trust
when you're not sure
who you're trusting.
[NEKU] No. The person I'm
clueless about is myself.
I remember I'm Neku,
but that's all I remember.
I didn't even know
what my last name was.
Not until that Reaper used it.
Oh, gosh. This entire time
you've had amnesia. I see.
[phones buzzing]
The mission's here.
[NEKU]
"Defeat the master of O‐East."
Ah. O‐East is a
local concert hall.
Should be... in that direction.
[SHIKI]
I've been here a lot.
The most popular band
right now is Death March.
They're great.
My friends like 'em, too.
Man, what a drag.
He gripes and moans
at me every single day.
They can cancel his
concert for all I care.
The mark of Noise.
He's emitting negative
waves like you were.
[NEKU]
Sorry.
Gah! That's not what I meant!
But hey! At least we know how
to get rid of those bad vibes!
Really? But why?
That's not part of the mission.
[SHIKI] I can't stand by
and ignore him, though.
[roars]
[NEKU] Yeah, ignoring
it's definitely out.
[SHIKI yells]
[gasps]
Wow! You and I totally
brought the heat just now!
Like the two of us were
perfectly synced up!
[NEKU]
Ya think?
'Scuse me, a few seconds ago,
I wasn't possessed
by the Noise, was I?
Yeah. A pretty big one, too.
How weak! Need to
get my act together!
Pretty dope of you to rescue me.
[SHIKI]
Heh. It was our pleasure.
[NEKU] Cool, now that
that's out of your system,
can O‐East go back to
being our main objective?
Oh! You guys are
headin' to O‐East?
That makes three of us.
Hey. 'Sup?
[777]
You're late!
[FUTOSHI]
Late and extremely sorry!
[SHIKI gasps]
[SHIKI] It's Death
March's vocalist! 777!
Huh? So you a fan?
Yeah!
That's nice to hear.
Well, these fans of yours
also saved my life.
Kinda sorta had a run
in with some Noise.
Dude, you're such a lost cause.
In that case,
I better show my thanks.
This pin is yours.
Special concert merchandise.
Wow, no way!
[777]
Way.
But how valuable it ends up
being will depend on you.
Well, head in when you're ready.
Thank you, 777!
[SHIKI squeals]
Jeez, someone's in a good mood.
Of course!
We helped somebody in need
and then met the lead
singer of Death March!
Plus a backstage pass?
That's three birds
with one stone!
[SHIKI squeals]
Hope they listen all
the way to the end.
Keep your eyes peeled
for a master Noise.
[NEKU]
We're short on time.
Heads up!
Wait! Neku!
Damn! There's too many of them!
Careful!
[NEKU]
At this rate...
[SHIKI yells]
[SHIKI]
Neku!
Please let your partner
help you fight them off!
[SHIKI]
You can rely on me!
[NEKU]
Watch out!
And that would have
to be the master.
[BEAT] Wanna see a
real master in action?
Let's light these
suckers up right!
Two heads are better than one,
and we have double that now!
Oh my gosh! You came!
[NEKU]
Incoming!
Yo! Me 'n' Rhyme'll
distract the small fries!
You take out the big
boy while we do!
[NEKU]
Hey!
Yes?
You know that move we pulled,
against the other Noise?
Mhm. If you trust me,
I think I can give it a try!
[NEKU]
Worth a shot.
Okay then!
On your mark... Get set...
[NEKU]
Go.
[yells]
Neku!
Ready?
Yeah!
[BOTH]
Let's go!
[NEKU]
We cleared it.
[SHIKI]
Neku! You good?
Yeah.
You trusted me. Thank you.
[NEKU] I don't need a crutch.
I'm fine on my own.
But, uh... Thank you, too,
for havin' my back.
You're very welcome, partner.
[BEAT]
Yo! How you holdin' up?
Great! Better than great!
Though, only 'cause of you!
Gotta give a little
to get a little,
and you gave just as much!
Hey! Here's a thought!
How would you guys feel about
doing our missions together
starting tomorrow?
For sure! Count me in!
I'm down if Rhyme is.
That's a given, no matter what.
The only wild card
here is Phones.
'Cause of before?
Neku was affected
by Noise yesterday,
so what he did wasn't his fault.
Besides, he's had it
hard enough as it is
since he can't
remember his past.
[BEAT gasps]
Bruh, that's rough.
That guy with the
shades said that
"teamwork makes
the dream work,"
so if we wanna survive
all seven days,
we're gonna have
to band together.
[HIGASHIZAWA] Over half the
Players have been erased.
We're entering into
the final stage.
The choicest bites
shall soon be savored.
[KITANIJI]
Mh‐hm.
[MINAMIMOTO]
Let's kill the remainders
and subtract them
from the equation.
Minamimoto, you're 9 minutes
and 42 seconds late.
Yep! Ten minutes without you,
if you round up.
Huh?
Someone wanna introduce me
to the bulldozer over there?
Hold your tongue.
You're being rude.
[KITANIJI] This is Higashizawa.
He's the current Game Master.
I'll take that insult
with a grain of salt
and use it to season the feast
I prepare with this game.
What a suck‐up.
Not at all.
He's a capable worker
who plans to deliver.
That, and he's far
more compliant
than a number‐punching
nuisance I regrettably know.
[MINAMIMOTO laughs]
Why, who could you mean?
The Composer give me permission
to promote you, Higashizawa.
Should you continue to impress.
I am grateful and
delighted to hear that.
[KITANIJI]
But there is one condition.
Erase all the Players.
Every last one.
What a cool concert!
That dude was all, "The music
world ain't ready for me!
Too bad!"
[SHIKI, RHYME laughing]
You know what's weird?
777 was able to see us, but we
should've been invisible to him.
It's not weird. It's obvious.
Both those guys...
[NEKU]
...are Reapers.
Next time: "Shiki."